devsvcs-675: update debugging script to check max gas price (#14582)
smartcontractkit/chainlink: core/scripts/chaincli/DEBUGGING.md

Before starting, you will need:

> - An archival RPC URL (required) and Tenderly credential (optional)
>   In order to get an archive URL, it's recommended to go to your Infura or Alchemy account (free tier should do) and get
>   a RPC URL. If you fail to get one, try this [link](https://rpcs.cldev.sh/) with VPN on and search for the network. Click
>   on the chain name to expand a tab where you can find `Archive node pool` and copy the HTTPS URL. Based on my experience,
>   this does not always work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An archival RPC URL (required) and Tenderly credential (optional)
  In order to get an archive URL, it's recommended to go to your Infura or Alchemy account (free tier should do) and get
  a RPC URL. If you fail to get one, try the RPC Proxy v2.  Search for the network, click
  on the chain name to expand a tab where you can find `Archive node pool` and copy the HTTPS URL. Based on my experience,
  this does not always work.
```
